So, am I safe now?
It depends how we divide saved.
I believe that you are a good person.
You're right.
Sorry.
I said I should apologize.
I can even imagine if I've been one minute late, what would happen?
But what happened last night was too strange.
Do you think that someone could set it up?
Yes.
It's Henry did it.
Henry.
Henry needs a lesson to respect him, woman.
I'm gonna kick this shit out of him.
What do you need?
How does it feel to be dragged?
Bitch, you ruined my life.
Take a man with you to hell.
You know what you're talking about?
3T and 5D.
I'm waiting that your friends see you always see the horror under me.
You don't have a guts.
You're not gonna do your right boy and soncha.